what's up my nuggets mr. fantasmm Oh
bringing you a game of free for wait no
it's not a game of free for all it's a
game of team deathmatch yeah that's
right because some guys a couple guys
I've been commenting saying that you
know they wanted to see a team that
matter or I guess they want to see
something other than free-for-all which
is cool I just like doing free for all
because you can try a lot of different
things you know like kill streak loose
nukes and stuff like that which I have
one coming up for you guys so you know
look forward to that right here I just
kind of use my team at as a shield you
know or as a distraction I'm sorry man I
really tried to kill him before he
killed you but no hard feelings okay and
then this guy I love how he just like
runs up the stairs and you know it
doesn't look to the left to see if
anyone's coming he just is like all
right I'll wait to look until I get all
the way up the stairs so I guess advice
is to walk up the stairs sideways i mean
i always like stray pup the stairs
sideways you don't have to like look
where you're going you're not gonna like
trip over a step or anything because you
know all these guys are like super
soldiers and they never trip over steps
except for they can't run for very long
distances but you know that's not very
super soldier ish super soldier ish you
you get what I'm saying but anyways what
was I talking about even I don't
remember I'm fine team deathmatch i'm
using my teammates of shields yeah you
can you can kind of use your teammates
to like feel out for where the other
team is as far as getting them to shoot
at your teammates like right here this
guy's shooting my teammates even though
i already knew where it was and this was
really stupid on my part because you
just shot a tube so you know he was
ducking down putting another tube in his
socket if you know what I mean
and you know he was getting ready to to
blast me away with his with his other
noob tube and luckily I got him in the
head before he was able to do that but I
kind of pooped my pants a little bit
when he was coming back up cuz I knew
that if I didn't get him quick he was
going to kill me I actually thought he
was gonna kill me either way because
most of the time you'll kill them but
they'll still manage to get their tube
off because they're just so skilled like
that but yeah anyways like I was saying
in team games you know use your
teammates as shields you know feel out
where the other team is by either
they'll either shoot at your teammates
or you can just pretty much guarantee
that the opposite side of where your
team is is where it did you know
opposite team is where the bad guys are
so you can kind of use that as a as a
tool but yeah so that's what I'm pretty
much doing I'm pretty much being the
lone wolf like Duke Nukem and I'm just
like you know going in and I don't care
because I'm a one-man army and I don't
need the perk so I just run around and
and right here I was gonna go steal the
care package I was but I like that guy
totally blended in and then this guy is
the worst player ever in the history of
call of duty and luckily he didn't can
be there because he's the worst player
ever I'm sorry if you're like watching
this book
you just single-handedly like lost the
game for your team because this pavelow
gets up and it's pretty relentless as
you see it's a not very pretty to watch
if you're the other team I enjoyed it I
get two kills right there I don't know
how many kills I get from it exactly I
think it's like over 10 and i'm pretty
sure i get the crab meat unlock right
here but i think that guy had Kimbo
shotguns I should have gone a teabag
them but maybe I was just too much in
the zone and there's another kill from
my pay below but uh oh yeah down to
business as far as the intro video goes
I've been getting a lot of messages so
you know I'm going to go ahead and go on
or you know continue with the whole
contest thing and what I'm gonna do is
I'm just going to give you guys a week
I'm hope i'm hoping that's enough time I
don't know like I've never made like an
intro video or anything but I'm hoping
that a week would be enough time to do
that if not if enough people message me
they're like wow you're crazy if you
think I can do that in a week then you
know I'll like extend the deadline but
for now it's you know yeah there's crab
meat yum yum yum but for now it's it's a
week and a week from now which is
saturday i will be posting a video with
all the intro videos on it and all like
number them or something and then you
guys can all vote for your favorite ones
this one this was scary right here I
actually hit like three three or four
people right there I get two assists but
I got like so many hitmarkers right
there that was really scary but anyways
back on topic I swear I have a DD but
yeah it was I guess it was scary because
I was like so close to my new
yeah and I just like I just said I was
going to try and stay on topic and then
I immediately switch topics but anyways
yeah I'm going to have a link to the
audio in the description so you can go
there and download it and put in your
video and make it sexy and then we will
vote i'm actually i don't know i might
vote for my i might put a vote in for
myself but i might just let you guys
decide just vote for the favor of your
favorites and then everyone wins wins I
might I might end up using like all of
them at least once because you know you
guys worked so hard on them and it'd be
a shame to not get any any type of
credit for it but yeah right here I get
a double kill because they decide to
line up for me so nice I love that about
team games how they just think since
their team and they're in a group in
there safe and right here this is pro
mr. Dixon just you know chillin over
their hides behind the air conditioning
unit so i could have killed him if I
won't have seen the other two guys I
probably would have looked over there
but I was just I figured you know five
minutes have gone by and still no one
shot at me so I didn't think there would
be anyone up there but I guess I was
wrong I underestimated mr. Dixon and
then this guy gets a Dixon gets up a
blow in a care back and when I say no
sir I would rather get knifed by
commando but yeah anyways that's my game
so yeah I'm gonna have a link to the
audio in the description and you know
even if you haven't messaged me yet but
you still want to do an intro video you
got a week so you know get cracking on
that and hopefully you guys come out
with some pretty sweet stuff and we'll
go from there I guess so you know
there's a team deathmatch let me know if
you guys want different game types to
like if you want team deathmatch we want
headquarters if you want I don't know
sabotage whatever but uh you know I like
i said i'd like to do free for all
because you can you know dual do more
things in my opinion you know just my
opinion though so
it's whatever you guys want in the end
because you know you guys are just like
my little dwarves and I'm snow white and
I just really want to bake you some
cookies later